#  This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#  http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#     perldoc perlpod | less
#
#  To check the syntax:
#
#     podchecker *.pod
#
#  Create manual page with command:
#
#    pod2man PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

bmp2png - BMP-to-PNG converter

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  bmp2png [options] file [file ...]
  bmp2png [options] file | cmd

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-N>

Compression level in range 0..9 (default is 6).

=item B<-a>

Preserve alpha channel.

=item B<-b>

Preserve alpha channel.

=item B<-e>

Delete input files after successful conversion.

=item B<-f TYPE[,...]>

Specify filter type(s) used to create PNG files type: none, sub, up,
average(avg), paeth, all, auto (default).

=item B<-h>

Display short help.

=item B<-i dir>

Create interlaced PNG file.

=item B<-l>

Log errors to C<./p2berror.log> file.

=item B<-o FILE>

Specify name for output FILE.

=item B<-p COLOR>

Mark the specified color as transparent color:
#RRGGBB(html hex) /
RR,GG,BB(decimal) /
NN(palette index).

=item B<-q>

Quiet mode.

=item B<-t>

Set the timestamp of input file on output file.

=item B<-x>

Disable conversion through standard input/output.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An image conversion program.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

bmp2png(1) pngmeta(1) pngquant(1) pngcrush(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by MIYASAKA Masaru <alkaid@coral.ocn.ne.jp>.

This manual page was written by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>.
Released under license GNU GPL version 2 or (at your option) any later
version.  For more information about the license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
