#  This is manual page in Perl POD format. Read more at
#  http://perldoc.perl.org/perlpod.html or run command:
#
#     perldoc perlpod | less
#
#  To check the syntax:
#
#     podchecker *.pod
#
#  Create manual page with command:
#
#    pod2man PAGE.N.pod > PAGE.N

=pod

=head1 NAME

png2bmp - PNG-to-BMP converter

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  png2bmp [options] file [file ...]

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-a>

Preserve alpha channel (save in 32bit ARGB BMP format).

=item B<-b>

Preserve alpha channel (save in 32bit Bitfield BMP format).

=item B<-e>

Delete input files after successful conversion.

=item B<-d dir>

Output files into dir.

=item B<-h>

Display short help.

=item B<-l>

Log errors to C<./p2berror.log> file.

=item B<-o FILE>

Specify name for output FILE.

=item B<-r>

Convert transparent color to alpha channel (use with B<-a> or B<-b>).

=item B<-t>

Set the timestamp of input file on output file.

=item B<-q>

Quiet mode.

=item B<-x>

Disable conversion through standard input/output.

=back

=head1 DESCRIPTION

An image conversion program.

=head1 ENVIRONMENT

None.

=head1 FILES

None.

=head1 SEE ALSO

bmp2png(1) pngmeta(1) pngquant(1) pngcrush(1)

=head1 AUTHORS

Program was written by MIYASAKA Masaru <alkaid@coral.ocn.ne.jp>.

This manual page was written by Jari Aalto <jari.aalto@cante.net>.
Released under license GNU GPL version 2 or (at your option) any later
version.  For more information about the license, visit
<http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html>.

=cut
